# 2024.08.01 Team Meeting

**Date & Time:** 01/08/2024, 17:15 - 20:15  

**Location:** PAR-104-G-G18A-G18&G20  

**Supervisor:** Mingye Li  

**Participant & Role:** 

| Name | Status | Role |
|------|---|----------|
| Tianyi Zhong | [+]| Product Owner, Front-end Team Member |
| Fuhui Yang | [+] | Scrum Master, Back-end Team Member  |
| Zixuan Zhang | [+] | Development Lead (Back-end)  |
| Lecheng Chen | [+] | Development Lead (Front-end)   |
| Jiacheng(Claire) Shou | [+] | Architecture Lead, Back-end Team Member |
| Yingrong Chen | [+] | User Experience Lead, Front-end Team Member |
| Yongjie Ba | [+] | Quality Assurance Lead, Front-end Team Member |
| Pengyuan Yu | [+] | Quality Assurance Member, Back-end Team Member |
| Jiangyu Chen | [+] | Back-end Team Member |
  
*Status: [+] - Participated, [-] - Not Participated.*  


## Agenda

- Discuss the overview of Sprint Plans for each sprint
- Perform Requirement Analysis and schedule client meetings for requirement confirmation
- Decide Team Coordination Tools and schedule meetings
- Prepare for the upcoming client meeting by reviewing all materials and questions
- Establish Action Items for This Week


## Discussion Notes

### 1. Sprint Overview

#### Sprint 1 (01/08 - 25/08, 3 weeks): 
- Focus on requirement gathering and analysis, including Project planning, team roles establishment, user story creation, design and prototyping.   
*Details of tasks for Sprint 1 are outlined in the Sprint Planning document.*  

#### Sprint 2 (26/08 - 15/09, 3 weeks): 
- Backend development, design concept, create diagrams (ER diagram, sequence diagram and so on).  

#### Sprint 3 (16/09 - 20/10, 4 weeks except mid-break): 
- Begin coding (aim to complete approximately 1/3 of user stories and acceptance criteria by the end of the semester). At the same time, start testing concurrently with development.

### 2. Requirement Analysis
- Schedule a meeting with the clients to gather and comfirm requiremtns based on this project.
- Draft a list of questions to discuss with the client during the meeting, focusing on clarifying requirements and expectations.
- Detailed analysis of project requirements.
- Identify key functional and non-functional requirements.
- Develop detailed specifications and acceptance criteria.
- Utilize diagrams (e.g., ER diagrams, sequence diagrams) to visualize system requirements and interactions.

### 3. Team Coordination and Meeting Schedules
#### Team Coordination
- Set up a Slack workspace for team communication and collaboration.
- Set up a GitHub repository for version control and code collaboration.
#### Meeting Schedules
- Team Meetings with supervisor: Conducted one time a week.
- Standup Meeting: Conducted three times a week on Slack.
- Client Meeting: To be scheduled, and the first meeting with clients should be next week.

### 4. Testing Strategies
- Emphasize more abour micro-level testing, including unit tests.
- Perform multithreading tests and structural tests using available tools for potential bonus marks.
- Ensure all testing is thoroughly documented.

### 5. Other Key Points
- Everyone is required to contribute to coding.
- Ensure that all documentation and presentation materials are prepared and updated.
- Regular updates on Slack to ensure team alignment and progress tracking.
- Pay attention to the burndown chart to track progress effectively.

## Action Items for This Week

|Actions|Asignee(s)|Due Date|Priority|
|-|-|-|-|
| Establish roles | All members |01/08/2024|High|
| Create Slack Workspace and GitHub Repository | Tianyi Zhong and Fuhui Yang |01/08/2024|High|
| Schedule a meeting with clients | Tianyi Zhong | 04/08/2024 | High |
| Prepare questions for client meeting | All Members | 04/08/2024 | High |
| Create Initial Project Documentation | All Members | 04/08/2024 | Medium |
| Understand and analysis requirements | All members |08/08/2024|High|
| Develop goal model and persona | All members |11/08/2024|Medium|

